docs: Auth method explanations (#45664)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/storage/uploads/resumable-uploads.mdx

    Here's an example of how to upload a file using `tus-js-client`:

    <Admonition type="note">

>     Typically we advise against using `getSession`, because the session is read from local storage and you can't trust its claims for auth decisions. In this case however, the code only needs the raw access token string to forward as a credential to the S3 service, which validates the token server-side. Since no client-side auth decision is made based on the session data, `getSession` is appropriate here.

Reviewer: I believe this example uploading to Supabase storage, not S3 right?

Author: Ah sorry, copy pasta, 

```suggestion
    Typically we advise against using `getSession`, because the session is read from local storage and you can't trust its claims for auth decisions. In this case however, the code only needs the raw access token string to forward as a credential to Supabase storage, which validates the token server-side. Since no client-side auth decision is made based on the session data, `getSession` is appropriate here.
```
